fix: [Orchestration] Spec update - Filtering, Remove "Synchronous" suffix and Embedding property renaming (#469)
SAP/ai-sdk-java: docs/release_notes.md

  Interfaces with only one implementation were reduced.
  As a result, the accessors for fields `OrchestrationModuleConfig.inputTranslationConfig` and `OrchestrationModuleConfig.outputTranslationConfig` now handle the implementing class explicitly.
  The same applies to helper methods `DpiMasking#createConfig()` and `MaskingProvider#createConfig()`.

> - [Orchestration] The method `createConfig()` is removed from all `ContentFilter` types and replaced by `createInputFilterConfig()` and `createOutputFilterConfig()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Orchestration] The method `createConfig()` is removed from `ContentFilter`, `AzureContentFilter` and `LlamaGuardFilter` and is replaced by `createInputFilterConfig()` and `createOutputFilterConfig()`.
```

### ✨ New Functionality

> - [Orchestration] `promptShield` available in `AzureContentFilter` for input filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Orchestration] Added `AzureContentFilter#promptShield()` available for input filtering.
```
